coverage of championship week is brought
to you by Titan machinery
[Applause]
[Music]
hey listen
[Applause]
recentiy fishes huh
the white is he with it before 12
this cut Susana makes the catch of the
Sam Houston 25
the suit
to kick this up in court
going again for the pistol Brian Bell
takes this now
[Applause]
takes this now J'son gives at the plant
as he talks to the light at the 15 has
to turn the polar Gonzaga came to the
sidelines
the six have to take the snap
it's a good stamping
[Applause]
the snap the kick is the pistol
in September
as I said at the 13 the Santa's I put
down the kick is end over end and Sam
Houston State takes his first lead does
that comes to prepare the running
to the cookie
these people
gents another shooter Burton temp in the
Sam Houston 39 and Escrima pasta
[Applause]
my school
fourth down and hand farther go from the
pistol Bell takes this man gives it
straight ahead
suppose
[Applause]
lines are set at the 46 a good snap the
kick is angling to the left prosper
pizza boxes inside from the 24 he gives
all the time to clatters who is carried
fifteen today 1313 permits 48 then takes
the stand closer posture
[Applause]
25 20 15 10
to
[Applause]
born in Wilson way to walk through the
battlefield
[Applause]
Kitson there's the school
sixteen six three receiver formation
takes the snap looks like
[Applause]
can to celebrate too
a fairytale finish to a magical season
the NDSU bison are national champions
[Applause]